
Database
========

The License Database consists of all the files included in
www/id/license-database.tar.gz.  This archive is built from the files
in data/.

The License Database itself is contributed to the public domain using
the CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication:

To the extent possible under law, the contributors of the License
Database project waive all copyright and related or neighboring rights
to The License Database. See the CC0.txt file included with the
database for more information.


Software
========

The Software consists of all the files in the project root and the
files in bin/, etc/, and src/.

Copyright 2012  Kuno Woudt

All software related to the License Database project is licensed under
the Apache License, Version 2.0. See the file Apache-2.0.txt for more
information.

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or
implied.  See the License for the specific language governing
permissions and limitations under the License.


Upstream
========

upstream/jquery contains jquery by John Resig & The Dojo Foundation.
Please see upstream/jquery/copyright.txt for their license details.

All the files in upstream/plaintext are plaintext versions of licenses
intended for free software, open source or free culture projects,
obtained directly from their publishers and included without
modifications.  Similarly upstream/rdf contains metadata about
licenses obtained directly from their publishers.

Most of these licenses are not explicit about the terms which apply to
the license text itself.  Our belief is that there is at least an
implicit permission which allows distribution of verbatim copies of
these licenses and their associated metadata.

If however you are the copyright holder for any of this data and wish
for it to be removed from this project, please contact
kuno@frob.nl .
