This is Debian GNU's prepackaged version of GnuPG, a free PGP
replacement.

This package was put together by me, James Troup <james@nocrew.org>,
from the sources, which I obtained from
ftp://ftp.gnupg.org/gcrypt/gnupg/gnupg-1.4.6.tar.gz.  The changes were
minimal, namely:

- adding support for the Debian package maintenance scheme, by adding
  various debian/* files.

Program Copyright (C) 1998-2008 Free Software Foundation, Inc.
Modifications for Debian Copyright (C) 1998-2006 James Troup.

GnuPG is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the Free
Software Foundation; either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

GnuPG is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the GNU General Public License
for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License with
your Debian GNU system, in /usr/share/common-licenses/GPL, or with the
Debian GNU gnupg source package as the file COPYING.  If not, see
<http://www.gnu.org/licenses/> or write to the Free Software Foundation,
Inc., 51 Franklin St, Fifth Floor, Boston, MA 02110-1301, USA.

In addition, as a special exception, the Free Software Foundation
gives permission to link the code of the keyserver helper tools:
gpgkeys_ldap, gpgkeys_curl and gpgkeys_hkp with the OpenSSL project's
"OpenSSL" library (or with modified versions of it that use the same
license as the "OpenSSL" library), and distribute the linked
executables.  You must obey the GNU General Public License in all
respects for all of the code used other than "OpenSSL".  If you modify
this file, you may extend this exception to your version of the file,
but you are not obligated to do so.  If you do not wish to do so,
delete this exception statement from your version.
